# There is no logical negation here, but there are alternatives: Modeling conversational negation with distributional semantics.

Negation for cases with no clear negation:
    eg. "This is not a dog", suggests certain plausible alternatives like middle-sized mammals etc.
    Unlikely to be a bird or scyscraper etc.

    ## Distributional semantic methods.
    Derives vector-based representation of words by generalizing over the context that a word appears in.

    There is no evidence that distributional semantics can capture the relation between 'dog' and 'no dog'
    as 2 complementary sets in some vector space.

    Consider which sentence is more likely to occur in natural conversational context:

    a. This is not a dog... it is a wolf.
    b. This is not a dog... it is a scredriver.

    If the negation of a predicate is just the complement of the corresponding set, then
    (a) and (b) should be equally plausible.

    Beyond the logical aspects of negation, it seems there is a an 'alternativehood' seems well suited for DS.


    ## Conversational negation
    DS traditionally focused on lexical aspects, meaning negation generally handled as opposites (hot, cold)
    Consensus is that contrasting words tend to occur in similar contexts

    In conversational negation for linguistic usage, the negation of a predicate often suggests
    that one of the set of alternatives might be holding.

    ## Data Set of Alternative Plausibility Ratings
    Using WordNet create list of 534 negated-item/hyponym pairs: deer/pollard, bab/bread-bin etc.
    Create a bunch of other cases from other datasets (section 4.2)

    For all pairs, generate: "There is not an X, is it a Y" and "There is no X here, but there is a Y",
    manually correcting mistakes eg. detimners (a broccoli > broccoli).

    Crowdsource plausibility ratings using Crowdflower.

    ## Crowdsource results
    Pairs with largest positive THERE-IT mean rating
    castle - prince
    bottle - cap
    dress - tie

    Results from here shouw that close cohyponyms serve as good alternatives eg. lizard/iguana


    # Predicting alternative plausibility with DS
    Cosine angle between distributional vectors of a negated noun and the
    potential alternativeis estimate of their degree of semantic similarity.

    ## Model
    Extract co-occurence information from a courpus of about 2.8 billion words. (ukWaC, Wikipedia and British National Corpus)
    Produce 300 dimensional vectors from this. (embeddings)


    ## Training
    8437 training examples for this/it is X, 3071 for this/it is not X, 7350 for there is X, and 3220 for there is no X based on the corpus.

    Considered neural-network techniques across wide range of hyperparameters but found on dev. set that
    support vector regression (Drucker et al. 1996) with RBF worked best.

    Had to decide how to feed vector representing negated item and its candidate alternative to supervised
    regression algorithm. Explored both concatenating and substracting the input vectors, but picked the latter.


    # Discussion
    Cosine similarity in DS vector space is good indicator of alternativehood.
